Update README.md added missing parts in "From VS (manual way)" (#15296)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/getting-started/templates/README.md

![image](../assets/images/templates/orchard-screencast-1.gif)

Now that we created a new Web Application we need to add proper dependencies so that this new Web Application be targeted as an Orchard Core application.

> Orchard Core is available for use via two different NuGet meta packages: `OrchardCore.Application.Cms.Core.Targets`, `OrchardCore.Application.Cms.Targets`. More details about these packages can be found [here](https://docs.orchardcore.net/en/main/docs/getting-started/starter-recipes/). Add these NuGet packages to your Web Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orchard Core can be added through two distinct NuGet meta packages: `OrchardCore.Application.Cms.Core.Targets` and `OrchardCore.Application.Cms.Targets`. For additional information regarding these packages, please refer to [this link](../../getting-started/starter-recipes/). You must add one of these NuGet packages in your Web Application.
```

> Orchard Core can be added through two distinct NuGet meta packages: `OrchardCore.Application.Cms.Core.Targets` and `OrchardCore.Application.Cms.Targets`. For additional information regarding these packages, please refer to [this link](../../getting-started/starter-recipes/). You must add one of these NuGet packages in your Web Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orchard Core can be added through two distinct NuGet meta packages: `OrchardCore.Application.Cms.Core.Targets` and `OrchardCore.Application.Cms.Targets`. For additional information regarding these packages, please refer to [this link](../starter-recipes/README.md). You must add one of these NuGet packages in your Web Application.
```

!!! note
    If you want to use the `preview` packages, [configure the OrchardCore Preview url in your Package sources](../preview-package-source.md)

![image](../assets/images/templates/orchard-screencast-2.gif)

> After creating a new Web Application, Visual Studio automatically adds `Models`, `Views` and `Controllers` folders with files. We can delete them for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visual Studio may automatically include Models, Views, and Controllers folders with boilerplate code, depending on the template used to create the web application. To prevent potential conflicts with OrchardCore services, it is advisable to delete these folders.
```
